Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedwhat-is-it-called-when-you-use-the-group-number-as-an-index-to-the-array
<br>
What is it called when you use the group number as an index to the array? A variable reference A direct reference An indirect reference A table lookup To print the contents of a two-dimensional table with one array element per line, you can use a __________ loop. do/while do for foreach A(n) __________ file holds the compiled C# code in a Web application. Windows Script (.wsf) executable (.exe) MS-DOS Application (.com) dynamic link library (.dll) Due to Web Farms, it is possible that state information might not be on the correct servers. .NET handles this by specifying the name of the server storing the session values in the __________ file. Web.config Server.config Session.config cookie Modify the file path in the __________ file to make a Web database application portable. Web.config .aspx aspx.cs .cs Setting a __________ level variable to true if data is modified will allow you to keep track of data changes during execution. local namespace class block The destructor method automatically calls the __________ method. Finalize Object.Finalize Finalize.Object Object.Destroy Use the __________ method to load a picture at run time. LoadPicture PictureFile LoadFile FromFile A Tick event that occurs every 5 seconds has an Interval set to: 50,000 5,000 500 50 Where should you place the code to display the time in a ToolStripStatusLabel? The Timer Tick event handler The Main event handler The Form_Load event handler Both the Form_Load and Timer Tick event handlersLVED: